README.md, before:

<br/>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/XenoPOMP/next-template">
    <img src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/352a21b492a283c4599f32d0fe5af3410fac9ab8dcf4cb320ff84ef4a145aa48/68747470733a2f2f7777772e64727570616c2e6f72672f66696c65732f70726f6a6563742d696d616765732f6e6578746a732d64727570616c2e6a7067" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Next 14 Template</h3>

<p align="center">
Next is modern React-based framework that provides major features, like SSR, Turbopack, SEO-friendly.
<br/>
<br/>
<a href="https://github.com/XenoPOMP/next-template/issues">Report Bug</a>
</p>
</p>

![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/XenoPOMP/next-template?color=dark-green) ![Stargazers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/XenoPOMP/next-template?style=social) ![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/XenoPOMP/next-template)

## Getting Started

This template provides a solid foundation for building your next web application with Next.js 14.

### Prerequisites

#### Minimal Node version
Since __`Next`__ has been updated to **v14**, Node engine\`s version requirement is `v18.7+`.

If you don\`t want to use `Next 14` and `Node.js 18.7+`, use `next-13` [branch instead](https://github.com/XenoPOMP/next-template/tree/next-13).

#### Minimal `.env` setup
These keys are required:
- CANONICAL_URL

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.
* If you have suggestions for adding or removing projects, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/XenoPOMP/next-template/issues/new) to discuss it, or directly create a pull request after you edit the *README.md* file with necessary changes.
* Please make sure you check your spelling and grammar.
* Create individual PR for each suggestion.
* Please also read through the [Code Of Conduct](https://github.com/XenoPOMP/next-template/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before posting your first idea as well.

### Creating A Pull Request

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## Authors

* **XenoPOMP** - *Main developer* - [XenoPOMP](https://github.com/XenoPOMP) - *Owns this repo*

Commit message:

✍️ add linters info to readme

README.md, after:

<br/>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/XenoPOMP/next-template">
    <img src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/352a21b492a283c4599f32d0fe5af3410fac9ab8dcf4cb320ff84ef4a145aa48/68747470733a2f2f7777772e64727570616c2e6f72672f66696c65732f70726f6a6563742d696d616765732f6e6578746a732d64727570616c2e6a7067" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Next 14 Template</h3>

<p align="center">
Next is modern React-based framework that provides major features, like SSR, Turbopack, SEO-friendly.
<br/>
<br/>
<a href="https://github.com/XenoPOMP/next-template/issues">Report Bug</a>
</p>
</p>

![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/XenoPOMP/next-template?color=dark-green) ![Stargazers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/XenoPOMP/next-template?style=social) ![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/XenoPOMP/next-template)

## Getting Started

This template provides a solid foundation for building your next web application with Next.js 14.

### Prerequisites

#### Minimal Node version
Since __`Next`__ has been updated to **v14**, Node engine\`s version requirement is `v18.7+`.

#### Linting
This project contains some pre-installed linters. Decide to handle them or disable them:

- [ESLint](https://eslint.org)
- [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io)

#### Minimal `.env` setup
These keys are required:
- CANONICAL_URL

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.
* If you have suggestions for adding or removing projects, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/XenoPOMP/next-template/issues/new) to discuss it, or directly create a pull request after you edit the *README.md* file with necessary changes.
* Please make sure you check your spelling and grammar.
* Create individual PR for each suggestion.
* Please also read through the [Code Of Conduct](https://github.com/XenoPOMP/next-template/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before posting your first idea as well.

### Creating A Pull Request

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## Authors

* **XenoPOMP** - *Main developer* - [XenoPOMP](https://github.com/XenoPOMP) - *Owns this repo*
